like it either tim tebow head them found
my shirt hey everybody welcome to
another edition of box busters I'm a
crystals along with Tim trout with this
is a certifiable or certifiably cool
addition or certified fisherman baka
caps benigni certified 2010-11 hockey
tell us about the Tim well fans going
out on Wednesday goes live well Todd
today is Monday thanks and they actually
have talked to Al he brought this
product / l is the most of you probably
know a used to work here he brought it
over and he said there are actually six
guys six rookies in here that have on
card and Jersey rookies autograph azure
halls everything yes so he said they're
gonna that's gonna be the first product
from 10-11 with high-end rough-hewn of
sign and jersey dub what she'd be
getting a box like this 10x10 pack box
five cards per pack just on card auditor
but i was trying to lean up I'm thinking
it I think we're supposed to be five
hits in a box there's less one auto to
mammals plus some some inserts and
parallels unless box well I over box a
little bit fine okay why would be really
up maybe they upped it so i send it was
thank your five anyway enough of the
mumbo jumbo will want to get rip in here
checklist as always is always a cool
addition i wish more companies students
there on this checklist i noticed
everyone's looking on the eway keep
wrestling fabric signatures yep it's a
little different you want to zoom it in
here bring it in here wreck right in for
the real right here you'll notice
there's some TVD rookies so these were
obviously printed before they were
practice speaking of TVD rookies which
sends your cell walls freshman fabric
here let's take a look at more than I
start looking at our big time either
they won
not big time you know you are big time
but I am big time yes Peter Gabriel to
my right how about this a rookie
showcase freshman fabric card I'm going
to read the front of this because it's
it's cleverly written you've just become
the envy of your friends by scoring at
redemption good for a jersey sloshed
autograph rookie carnival in the
season's hottest freshman card number
200 BAM we just talked about that tivity
I know Tim bd-live a I believe this is a
throwback threads mirror blue number 2
100 but don't confuse the threads part
in the name because it's not a threads
car what is a threat and doesn't have a
jersey you don't get that anywhere else
what do you think of foil board sir um I
don't know what's nice mean think I've
been on the record in the passing I
don't like foil board but some of the
inserts icing in this set that did use
them some of them just other promo cards
we're actually pretty cool I think it
helps the ice aesthetic here's another
base card I came to say this guy's name
i was already just about it luca Caputi
sure Rick Nash bring that in him bring
him for the real thing Keith he's done
directing like Don West bring it in
right in hell of zach hamill insert card
with a certified legends certifiably
cool certifiably legendary or just
certifiably nothing what I think we're
overlooking the genius of the dollar
West reference I know I'm probably
leaving for blue drawing from some just
try to make sure we don't have crickets
that reference might get you crickets
sir dude unless is a legend in fact we
may have a story today dondochakka
selling cards and we may have a story
about it next week or this week depends
on when we get it bring that up there
too yeah so they'll make the viewers
sick by rocking back and forth here
really we're knew after that hot box we
pulled which you does gallery online
the little anti-climactic here with this
book for me good fabric who'd you get I
did good work how about a Rene Bourque
mirror red number 9 out of 250 Philip
Larsen your stars fan not a star span on
card rookie autograph remembered of 1299
about that how about that how about that
here's one of the names i love i'm going
to start loving it clown Clutterbuck
tell me but can you tell anything about
Cal Cal Cal screwed up Cal I want to
know about this clown clown clown
calcloud it's nik Antropov and i got
another one I'm sure you get all the
good stuff on that side here's none on
coal chute who made a lot of headlines
it's offseason what would you do pounder
and to keep up the I didn't skip it so I
what if what if you get you got the
redemption rookie showcase Demi have
resent an auto mem auto ma'am auto never
deficit fussing ma'am Plus them now plus
I pulled a men and an auto so we got war
four hits plus our inserts and parallel
so it's about right and here's a book
parole if you pull one of their red
believe it's I can't see behind I had
one of 250 not numbered one of two hints
you guide his hand my hand was covering
up the ceiling area sorry now basically
if you give them the Platinum hot boxes
every single card is a parallel numbered
and you get to autos & to mems I believe
is what we pulled so that basically the
base cards are upgraded across the board
so so this is the certified of the
paninis debut into the hockey market or
as they say in Texas p'nai 9 no no
centered on the phone anyways a big big
product of la hits in stores what
Wednesday's day is Wednesday two days
from now so check it out on Becca calm
and we'll see you later thanks i'll send
off